Dear Matthew, Charles, Me and everyone watching this forsaken presentation,
This is a fake terms and conditions for illustration sake, and also as credits.
Thanks John-Henry for almost single-handedly designing all components of this pre-registration site. In that sense, special credits to Kazuhiko Arase QR Code generator, Bootstrap 4, favicons provided by realfavicongenerator.net, webfonts provided by Google, RI logo provided by RI, and the giants behind CSS, HTML and JS.
Thanks Charles and Matthew for forcing me to use a CSS library, otherwise the pre-registration site would still be only just decent looking. 
Thanks Charles for being actually more masterful than me at HTML usage, and have designed the guardhouse webapp using materialize.css. He also took on a task I would probably have taken much longer to complete, which is to set up a working site-to-SQL system and an SQL server, using PosgresSQL.
Thanks Matthew for saving our skin last year in regards to the chatbot, and still putting in a ton of effort getting tesseract to work on Python well, training it to identify ICs, making a QR code scanner system and trying his best to interface it with Charles' system even as he wants and deserves to be laidback.
Thanks John-Henry again for cleaning up afterwards by implementing a browser-based QR code scanner and OCR in a single afternoon+evening+midnight with the help of Lazar Laszlo port of ZXing qr code scanner (which Clarles orginally found and used in the QR image upload we used temporarily) and tesseract.js (argueably better than Python's tesseract for this purpose), and also adding in input verification, and doing some CSS optimization on the tables (and everywhere else cause he is an overly perfectionist nitpicker), and adding keystroke quick functionality, and bug checking. All of which took a lot of effort to workaround. Because workarounds are the hells of any web developer, especially when their use context is rarer and you actually have to come up with an original workaround. And then he proceeded to waste a lot of time adding finishing touches everywhere.
Thanks the Internet for always being helpful and teaching me about a lot of new APIs and functions I didn't know of before during the grind to make things work.
Thank the Government for providing us with this wonderful day ahead of us.
Thanks the security team of RI for providing us with the opportunity to embark on this project (say when is the next meeting?).
Sincerely,
John-Henry
P.S. Honestly, John-Henry is an idiot for spending so long on workarounds and nitpicking details and coming up with novel solutions. He effectively sacrificed his weekend, and any time to do any homework. As a consolation however, he has the great enjoyment from seeing the most S M O O T H web animations ever made by his own hands. Thats right. I ain't no use any libraries, the table scrolling, the form shapeshifting, the keystrokes that can go through even a custom hard to use select box, all my implementation. I am a genius of code simply cause I am a creative perfectionist idealogist nitpicker.
